hamburg against braunschweig also hamburg
would have studied properly now
After the bold, yes, I say the third
league manager has practically offended say
I was good
Of course Brunswick is also under
Print the cut a team with a
point against a team with zero points
Of course that is not so nazi
but I'll say the pressure is too
100% hamburg in this game is that
probably the dream against there one
I need a relatively solid first half
say the second half has one
actually quite good with them
like
should one say there for a moment, yes, good ones
did trek that was a bit
inexperience against frankfurt that must
one has to say so have one
little
especially the 2 0 missed that was
an own stupidity the other way
aigner was then stopped that was the case
a little bit stupid but good
after all , it must really see what
Brunswick can handle the season
Brunswick is and remains for me
still losing number one
they will also be in my eyes
They certainly stay well
maybe that is they are the
role of leads occupy leads yes
also made many good games and then
are down maybe they are
now not so classic that the
classical team what then rises where
one says or comes as a surprise now
or so if you are going down now
probably not surprising anyone
it depends only on the procured question
how or maybe the miracle of
I do not know what to do with it
kumbela looks like who has last
One 6 90 minutes
nonsense otherwise I believe
Brunswick has no red card
cashed later had a white straight
Not in any case Hamburg is now
the question is because because that
yes still eye and jansen is injured him
will still suspend two people
Lincoln was then on football
talk what's okay that's your tip
say braunschweig point is first
think carefully and win 1 0
machine was in the hustle and bustle 1 1 1 i know
not maybe you have to have one
let's go wild again on the grill